# OOAD-Object-Oriented-Analysis-Design-Solution-Supermarket-Organization-System-Simulation
Using the model OOAD (Object-Oriented Analysis &amp; Design) solution supermarket organization system simulation agreed with your instructor as a basis, employ an OOP (Object Oriented Programming) process to develop a working prototype

# Title: Supermarket Organization System simulation
The goal of the system is to create an information system for supermarket organizations’ system simulation. A supermarket team is selling different categories of items. We assume that the supermarket has some items in the store (i.e., not visible to the customers), and others are shown to the public. Some categories are stored in one or many contiguous stacks of items shown in the customer’s areas. The system should simulate all items removal or additions in the supermarket by either the customers (i.e., buyers) or by the supermarket manager, based on their type, their updated position is generally always either added to the top or removed from the top of a corresponding stack. A stack has a position in the supermarket customer’s area. The manager would like to check at any time the number of missing items, taken by customers before reaching the cashier, or sold at the cashier level, in the supermarket. For each category of items, the system should alert the manager if the number of total remaining items, in the customer’s areas, is lower than some given threshold. We will assume that the system is able to recognize each customer’s/manager’s action: either taking out an item, returning it back to the same place, moving it from the store to the customer’s surface, throwing it into the garbage space, or saving it back into the store. If an item is returned in the wrong place, we assume that the system would need to fetch it and ask for storing it back in the right stack of the corresponding category.

# Detail of task 
Every UML diagram in the model solution is important as each one model some aspectof the designed system. However, the most important diagram is the Class diagram as it forms not only the starting point of your prototype’s implementation but also models the majority of the system’s structure. Ensure that your prototype is able to execute the tasks that are isolated in the Use Case diagram. The specific steps involved in executing these tasks are described either in the requirements document or the model solution. Where steps are poorly described you must use common sense/assumptions to implement those steps. The system will require a menu system that should be implemented in the System class.

 # What you should hand in:
The working prototype in a ZIP file. Specifically, a single Eclipse project directory complete with all Java (.java) source code.
